And thank you.
I must be here, I will be here, I will be here.
Yes, and he was nine.
What is this?
What?
Yes, and he was nine.
No, it's not your fault.
But it's not your fault, it's your fault.
You must be the first, you must be a one.
Give me a say.
Lucas!
What are you doing?
I don't know what your fault is.
How would you find the way you're doing something new?
But that is not the only one.
What is the most important thing?
If you have a friend and a friend,
you have a friend who will come to the next stage.
What is the most important thing?
Oh, the thing is,
no, the thing is,
the thing is,
the whole thing is,
If I was a school boy, I'd be like a girl, I'd be like a girl.
You're a girl, don't you?
I'm going to go back in the bathroom with you.
I'm going to find one.
S'a ree!
And S'a ree!
I'm going to go to Zechukinoteenie koszpadre.
And I'm going to take you to Carla de Konoszerta.
S'a ree!
And S'a ree!
I'm going to go to Zechukinoteenie koszpadre.
Er... reliers alpadreenoe de luchas.
Ser le gusta llamaar le pape.
Gonna be a little more.
I'm going to be a little more interested in the music.
I'm going to try to get over everything for my friend.
What do you do?
I got a link with them who are here and said,
I want them to go out and make free of them.
We got from the group and we got at the group of who are involved with them.
I want to go fast.
Oh, hi!
Let's see what's going on.
I wanted to go home to the family.
I want to share with you some simple words –
let's say you don't put under your clothes.
Asese se se hai saines, aye?
Ase se se hai saines, aye?
P Lawson a mí discreción
A bit oall gien des el azyñorita díseica
No, no des centonces
Nasra praviranochu
Futen mahi ke
No zieke de mon e osp aside
Luca,qué as a qué la greada d'àve téverda
Aile buen ki le cíñorita nít
In this series, I have a new aspect called Sri Sajha.
The most important thing is that I'm a problem of having a a dream.
And that means that we don't even live in the city.
And then in the forest, we have another element of the traditional purpose.
This is the main topic of the universe.
This is the human thing,
this is the human thing.
Then you come to have a new game.
One's game is something you can't play with,
because you have no chance of playing,
or a new game.
Because that doesn't mean the only thing you can always do.
I want you to start playing the game as well as you can.
If you were a little bit more like a crazy game,
what would you do?
Just because of this,
I didn't really know what you could play with the game.
I can't even play the game.
That's right.
It's all going to be something.
I can't believe it, thank you.
If you're not using this code,
you will never miss a little.
No, I'm not.
You are dead and hurt.
That was why you have killed him.
I've been in trouble for seven years.
But, I was here before.
So how is the blood being found?
Where are you?
I can't.
What is going on here?
Do you have any room?
I'm fine.
How are you?
It's very...
It's very high.
It is very high.
I am fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
I'm fine. You're fine.
What are you doing here?
I'm fine.
Oh
Can we make them?
All right, let's do this.
What is this?
Can you tell me why are you here?
I want to make them look like me!
I want to make them looks like me!
I want to make them look like you have been here.
Yes!
I want to make them look like you have been here,
I want to make them look like you have been here for a long time.
I'd like to say what I want to know about the family,
Thank you very much!
Do you know?
There are different things to do.
You can go to the store and leave your shop somewhere.
The room is not inside my house,
it's a residence for you.
A public house lady would like a house to see as a house
like a anticipate of that.
Do you know what's a place where you and others
can be hosting a great event,
That's why I said the wrong word.
I was a kid and I was a little bit older.
I was a kid and I was very old.
I said, I'm not a kid.
But I don't think that is an idea that I have to be a kid.
I know that I'm a kid.
Yes.
I'm not a kid.
I don't know how to say that.
I'm a little bit more older.
Oh, gracias, Joe, um, gracias, gracias.
Uh, de gazte to relohin mi casa.
Gracias, Joe, um, tengo a como paratico mofe en de paz.
Sinto mucho la yir.
Uh, no puedo a septar eso tristan.
Notenías que tres yermenada, no fuirancosa.
No, no, no, no.
Enochifue muy poco profesional de mi paratie.
Asie que insisto.
Que tes y mi yo esta con jít.
Tristan, buenas noticias.
Porque y esta que.
No esa son to todo.
Esa sera todo.
Gracias.
Lady, stil con ajito que te de jotumadre.
Nissi que ramme de cas tocarlo.
Que quier es jesica.
Pase la primera ronda del concourso de moda pazare la cindente.
Esta noche organizar una fiesta.
Pazave ni verda.
No esa y copada.
Señor, en bia dombre gallo de felicitación.
A la señorita jesica en su nombre.
De cuardo.
Nole mi es matcha gallo.
Yo, no quiero que functiona con jesica.
De cho.
Yo, quiero rombre con jít.
Quiero rombre con jít.
Supadre no vista are contento señor.
No podere importer me meenos.
Esta y que todo de susa constan.
De regrupo vuil sombra me en serme.
Yo, aro con ocido a la señorita nít.
De un otodo a la información sobre enita.
Tristan se fija de nega.
De bridges con cidera de Chejada del empreza.
De que de gaga muy mientos players.
Es seora.
La matere.
No se por que tristanos betan amuendo.
Camila strada de alvene.
Se edes tu bore que lucka sít sui hoe.
Paz estan hazygris prolemás.
Te nemos que di cena un plan para el menar los empos.
Quien esaí.
Ti alginessa scuti estas comos en gravis problímas.
Mama, keep us up!
Oh, everybody,
it's the Lucas X.
All I need is a fast sound,
and this is the Lucas X.
It's the Lucas X,
it's the biggest thing that we've ever seen.
I'm gonna say...
The only reason why we have this is to solve...
to solve it.
Then...
It's the same way we've been here in the Lucas X.
But I'm not gonna take it back to the Lucas X.
The previous one made us a little happy?
Then, we have to say this.
What are you doing with all of us here?
I want to know the best I can find.
Is this a significant phrase for me?
I have to say this,
which is the most difficult word in this video?
Oh yes, no word on this song!
This is not an extraordinary word.
Do you feel like a really good farmer?
Yes!
You may be a great dude.
You know he's about to go in, like a
normal.
The homesick is always very
It's all to be more normal than
the animal over there.
The animal is almost complete.
The animal is very
complete.
That is the animal here.
It's certainly not like that.
Just a moment to look for other people.
It's so beautiful in life.
These people are looking forward to looking for more because of their life.
She's a 15-year-old, and is looking forward to looking forward to something.
I am all really thinking.
Let alone the future.
I'm about to ask her how you can speak.
Yes!
You can see it.
I'm not sure, but I was able to find it.
I was able to see everything.
I'm not able to find it.
I can't find it.
You're not able to find it.
I'm not able to find it.
Do you know what I mean?
Yes.
I'm able to find it.
Thanks for today's video.
We're going to be playing American Canada on Thursday.
Thursday, the Dallas, November 9th, 2010.
What's the next of the show?
The last day I was released.
Right, right?
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
And here's what I got, and now I'm going to go.
Mama, what's your favorite thing?
And now we have to say, noIRNo.
The fact that the music shows the music will be so beautiful.
The music will be so beautiful.
And I'll see you in the next video.
I'll see you in the next video, in the next video.
Oh, you're welcome.
I'm from North Carolina.
I'm from San Diego, Burti, San Diego.
I will do the same for you.
And I'll see you in the next video.
See you later.
Grasias por la presentación señorita el señor tomso se bon drink contact coconoste.
¿De aquardo?
Señor se mepermite, nún ke lo bisto tan distreido en una reuñón andíz.
¿Parese que la señorita nítad en el gun importancia poroste?
¿Víjó que baja givar el Lucas al medico?
¿Vesta de compras?
¿Tále vez ole necesitón de persona el iten y amigo de periiflo?
¿La quémaré?
¿Núcante esa el telefón?
¿Albe su telefón estamuerto?
¿Síim peros?
¿Sí que sonando?
¿Nes esta compras?
¿Núcante esa compras?
¿Ade más el corinado rembiadolos matériales para la cumbri?
¿Lostrego de voelta?
¿Cler?
¿Pera, no?
¿Vincen?
¿Bus calcoche?
¿Céñor?
¿Só lo que cienita?
¿Esta en empelegro?
¿Ya cona cumbri?
¿Alamir de la cumbri?
¿ ¿Enamos que salvaros?
¿Cépaco?
do you dare to listen to me?
yes.
...
I will share her with me.
You heard her?
Yes.
Look.
Oh dear.
What?
If you want to listen to me now?
Look.
I think I can speak about you.
Yes, I can speak?
Yes.
Oh.
How much is there?
I know a little bit more now.
I know this is a different part of the world.
You can hand this to me.
The only way they are from.
B skeptics are called by a man.
It's not that easy to make a mistake...
I don't know...
Ok?
I don't know why I didn't make a mistake.
I was a little surprised by the way I was on the farm.
And it was difficult to make.
It's not too easy.
I'm not even looking around.
What's wrong?
I don't know...
Why do you want to make a mistake?
No, no.
It's not easy.
I know, I'm sorry.
My friend is killing me.
No, no.
Honey, don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me.
I'm not alone.
No, no.
What are you doing?
I'm not alone.
No, no, no.
She's helping.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's not the spirit.
Look, it's the first time I've ever seen a party.
Lucas, you want to go to the jungle?
I'll go to the jungle.
No, no, it's not.
Yes.
I'll go to the jungle.
We'll go to a house.
Let's go to the jungle.
All right, let's go to the jungle.
Thank you, Lucas.
Goodnight, Lucas.
Now you're here for us.
Hi, Lucas.
Thank you.
I'm here for you.
How are you?
It's okay.
Thank you.
What's important here?
They are now going to be coming here,
and then you shall be born at home
and by the end of time,
the future will be the first day,
and you will be the first day in the morning and so it will be like five days.
I'm not sure that we will be there long enough so to have a chance to play in and out the road.
Then we will be here on this hill.
I'm going to tell you something about that,
and that I'll tell you about it,
be there and we will be there before.
Much like that,
but you have good friends,
The
the
Hm, I don't know why.
I don't know.
I don't know why.
No, I don't.
Hey.
Sorry.
I've been here since I was here.
I don't know why.
You're not here.
No.
You don't know why.
I don't know why.
When I was here,
I was here because I was here.
I was here because I met him.
As this could be, you have to be in Cecostrolucus and tell you that Rapamos are Cecostradors, ain't ya?